c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\WalkOffCalories.dll.config
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\WalkOffCalories.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\WalkOffCalories.pdb
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\obj\Debug\WalkOffCalories.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\obj\Debug\WalkOffCalories.dll
c:\users\ross\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\obj\Debug\WalkOffCalories.pdb
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ross\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WalkOffCalories\WalkOffCalories\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
